In this video, guys, we are going to review
ICCC Lord's car insurance.
Yes, we will know its claim settlement ratio. I have
personally
experienced this car insurance company for the last 2 years,
so we will compare it in a completely transparent manner,
calculate the premium, and also see how expensive it is or is
not, what is its claim
process, what are the hidden charges,
what things should you keep in mind when you take car insurance. So guys,
you are going to get all this information
in this video, so do watch the full video here. So,
first of all, if
I talk about the company's reputation, then
obviously it is a very big company here. It was
started here in 2000. It is a very old company. It is a
general insurance company, which means if you have
motor insurance, health insurance,
travel insurance, then it
offers you many such products. If I
talk about ICCC Lord, then it has
more than 305 branches.  There
are more than 12000 employees plus if I talk only about their
gross return premium then
they get more than 217 billion rupees in premium
every year. Now guys, the
return quotations of any motor insurance company
depend on its claim settlement ratio.
So if I talk about IIC Lombard, then
according to them, within the
first 30 days, whenever they get a claim,
their claim settlement ratio in the on-damages of the motor is 93, that is, if let's suppose if
any claim is registered with them, then within the 30 days
they have settled out 93 claims here.
Now see, guys, if I talk about any car
insurance policy here, then there are
two components in it, one is on-
damages and the other is simply third
liability. So see, guys, if I
talk about third party liability, you
take insurance of any company,
you are going to get the same premium for all here,
third liability.  Party means that if your
vehicle gets damaged, the company's
insurance will not provide you anything,
but if you have
hit someone, then the third party will
definitely get the things here, so
you can see here, be it
Kotak, National Insurance, or any other
company, you will see almost the
same premium in all of them,
which IRDA has already
decided here. Now the main
component of the insurance comes above our on-damage
images, which we also
call comprehensive insurance, in which your
third party is also included and if your vehicle gets
damaged, then that too is insured. So
see, here we
will calculate the insurance premium here, plus
I will also talk about its USB and features etc.
I will give you this link directly
in the description box so that
you can directly calculate your premium
here, etc.,
after that you can see it in front of the screen,
first of all the premium etc. is going to be shown to you here, so
The first component that you have to
check is the insured
declared value i.e. IDV value of
the car. Yes, see, the IDV value of
the car always goes down due to depreciation,
but you should never
choose a low value here because
simply this is the value that if tomorrow your
car gets stolen or gets
damaged in such a condition, then the maximum
liability compensation that
you will get is only this much. So,
try to take the maximum IDV that the company is offering you.
Never reduce your IDV value here in order to reduce the premium.
And guys, if you want to
find out the proper IDV value of your car, then
I will give you the link of the General Insurance Council in the description box,
where you just have to
select your manufacturer, etc., select your state, etc.,
when you bought the car, etc. and
What is its maker etc., what is its model number,
you will enter these two-three parameters in it, then
it will automatically
tell you the value of your vehicle. Now guys, this
IDV value is
offered to you by every company in a different way,
according to them, so here you
get a range that
you can take the minimum IDV value of this much and the maximum you
can take this much, for example, as
you can see in front of the screen, I have got an IDV value of 376, it is
showing the IDV value, so I will simply
click on the proceed now button, then
you can see in front of the screen that a while
ago, where my insurance
premium was coming to something like ₹ 77000, it has
now become simply ₹, so guys,
you should never compromise on the IDV value,
you have to take that value
so that if your vehicle gets
any damage tomorrow, you can get the maximum amount so
that you can replace it here
etc. Now guys, here  Pay Pay,
you will see two types of plans under the plan type
and you will see another option above
which is a new option nowadays, that is,
if you want additional discount on your premium
and if your car is
driven less here, then in that case you
can avail the discount here,
for example, you can see that I have
selected unlimited kilometers here above, let's suppose
my car is driven very less, it
runs only 5000 km in a whole year, so
for example, if I selected 7500, then
automatically whatever my premium will be,
I will get a discount of 10 here, etc.
But guys, this is
useful only for those whose car is
not driven much and if they
drive beyond one kilometer here and
avail the discount etc., then it is possible that at the
time of making an insurance claim, their claim will be
denied, if you
drive only that many kilometers, only then you have to
choose according to that, otherwise always
Keep unlimited kilometers here, do not be stingy
for a discount of only 10 to 15 kilometers,
after that guys, here
in the plan time you will be given comprehensive and
on-damage etc. If you have
already taken third party insurance etc.
then you
can take insurance of only on-damages etc. here, otherwise
under comprehensive both your own car
damages and third party things are
covered here, along with this guys also offer you lump
board, if your credit score etc.
is good then on its basis you are
offered extra discount here, for which
you have to enter your name and your PAN card number in a simple way,
apart from this guys, here
you will see two plans in front of the screen,
now guys what happens in these plans, there are
some plans which
we do not need but by
default they get added in it and
our premium increases here,
so here we have to check each component one by one  Let's
discuss it here in a simple way, so
see, if there are on-damages, then the
first thing you have to look at is if you do
n't have a car, then you get the cover of zero depreciation etc.
which is also called bumper to bumper,
so you can cover that add-on here, due to
which your premium will
definitely increase, but
when you claim the amount of depreciation, you do
n't have to pay it, so if it is a new
car, three-four years old, then you
can take RO DAB etc. here, if the car is
very old then Zero
DAB is not going to show it to you anyway,
after that there will be many advances in it
like roadside assistant,
it means if your car breaks down in the middle,
you will call, suppose the
battery is dead and you have to start it etc., then
a vehicle comes separately, their
roadside assistant service is available, if
you need that, then its fee is ₹1,199, however, if
you want to get it done like that, then it costs ₹00 to 00  So,
if you really
need the service then only you have to get these things,
you can simply remove it.
Apart from this, guys, if you go down,
here if you are getting key protected or any such
basically add ons here, then
you can immediately remove it here, etc.
Apart from this, guys, here
you get to see some additional discounts,
if the anti-theft device in your car is
approved by the Sports Association of India,
etc., then if you add it, then
you will get an additional premium discount on your car, etc.
Apart from this, guys,
one of the most popular add ons in this is
Voluntary Direct Insurance.
Yes, so see what happens normally,
when you make a claim for your car insurance here, then a
receipt of Rs. 1000 is deducted here, if the
engine of your car is below 1500 cc.  If it is
above 1500 cc then I am going to pay from ₹2500000, so
what will happen here in the voluntary details, if I
select 000 then because of that my
premium will get a huge
discount here, but
you should not choose such options where you have to pay
so much money from your own pocket, so
you can see in front of the screen that we have simply
removed all the add-ons from here like road side assistant, protected etc.
Now guys the third party cover is
also covered under this, car
damages are also covered, apart from this guys you have to
take a personal accidental cover of
₹ lakh, but guys keep in mind that
if you have some credit
cards, debit cards, term plans
etc., health insurance etc. then
somewhere your personal accident cover of ₹1 lakh will
definitely be dead, so this is anyway  It is compulsory
through the government, but if you
already have it, then you can remove it as well,
which will save you ₹ 75 here.
Then, guys, many people have also added a personal
protected policy here,
which is an optional thing here.
You can also basically remove it here. In
this way, by taking this advance
benefits, you only have to add car damages and third party
liability cover. If you don't have a car, then you
just have to add zero DAB. And in a simple way,
you can
calculate the premium with discounted etc. in your own way.
If I talk about the USP of IIC Lord, then
I find two
USPs here. One, it
also provides discount on credit score. Along with this,
here you get the option of pay as per the kilometer
drive, that is,
you also get discounts according to the amount of vehicle you drive,
which very few insurance companies
provide you here.  Guys let's talk about the
claim processor, so
once your policy is out, let's
suppose your vehicle breaks down somewhere or you have to make a
claim etc., then how
can you do it? So, see, they have a
dedicated app called Oil Tech Care Insurance App, in this
you have all your policy
documents etc. If you want to make a claim,
you can register a claim etc., you
can do everything, so guys, there are two ways in this,
one is cashless, guys,
what happens in cashless, you simply have to find their nearby
network of partner garages, all of them are
mentioned on their website, like if
I want to find Marwati, if I want to search in Rajasthan state, if I want to
search in Jaipur city, you can see here, I find all
their preferred garages here
and by going to any garage,
I can get
my vehicle basically repaired etc. in a cashless manner,
secondly, guys, they have
just launched a unique feature which is a home
These people pick up and drop the car from there, yes,
you have to call on their toll free number
18266, after that
guys, their on-spot surveyor basically
comes, he inspects the car etc.
and makes the assessment of the claim etc., it is a
single point of contact, plus the
same car will be
taken to any of the network garages near them, will get
it repaired etc., plus on the
repair that will be done, you also get this warranty of 2 years or
10000 km whichever
is the earliest, basically
guys, in the cities where
they do not have their network partners,
you have to register the claim here yourself,
after that they
tell you that you can get the repair etc. done here through this garage near you, then
you have to spend from your pocket,
after that you simply
get the reimbursement etc. along with guys here
Video claim facility is also available on their
app itself, so let's suppose if you
want to file a claim through video, then you can make a car inspection video of your entire video and
basically upload it on their app, etc. Along with this, guys,
if you
want to get more discounts here, then you should
always check your no claim bonus,
if you are switching here, then
you will have to check your previous policy,
how much no
claim bonus etc. I got in it, so normally it happens
that you
can easily get no claim bonus up to 50%, guys, if
I talk about no claim bonus here, then if
you do not make any claim for 5 years, then in a
simple way, you can avail discount of up to
50% on your car insurance premium,
etc., here, guys,
if I talk about depreciation, then let's
suppose if there is no
zero depreciation etc. on your vehicle, then on rubber
Simply put, a depreciation of 50% is levied on
fibre glass components, 30%
is levied on the glass components, plus there is
no depreciation etc. on the glass parts,
then it will depend on all the other parts,
how old your vehicle is, if it is more than 5 years or 10 years
old, then a depreciation of up to 50% can be levied on
your vehicle,
apart from this, I have already
told you guys about NCB, I have already told you guys about the IDV value
that you have to
calculate the IDV value in a correct manner and select it
and never
compromise on it, if I
talk about compulsory deductible, as I told you,
this fee of 000 is deducted whenever you
go to claim insurance, if the
engine is below 1500 cc then it becomes ₹1, otherwise simply
₹2000000, there are repair centres etc.,
you also get very good discounts etc.  It provides services
like pay as you drive or
discount on credit score etc.
Plus I think the good thing about them is
that they have a regional office
in every city, so the surveyor who comes to check the car inspection is
not a third party person, it is directly
assigned by the company itself,
so our process
works very smoothly and well, if I
talk about cons,
its premium is a little bit expensive if you compare it
with many other companies, if you compare it with a government company, then
plus the
surveyor etc. who comes for the car inspection here does a
very deep checking
and many times he
can come and reject the clean car here etc. If
you do it intentionally, many times people do it like they
hit the car a little, then hit it
more and
try to claim anything, so you
people should not do such things, there is a surveyor here for the
car.  The person who inspects the car, this is
his job on a daily basis and
he easily catches these things here,
so guys, hope you like this video, if you
want to check the insurance premium of your car, the link and link are
in the description box from where you can check it out,
otherwise if you have any doubts,
please tell us in the comment box, thank you guys,
thank you very much.